Well, we gotta have races. IDK what this is yet but it is supposed to be yet another eternia clone.

1. Some kind of Human -
Well yeah, they the protagonists bro, they us.... fr
Need some exotic humans tho, mayb some niggas with magical tattoos n shit.
Some imperial guys, some tan guys, some guys who have shitty accents etc.

2. Beastmen -
You see these in every game bro, what more is there to say.
I want the wolfmen tho tbqh, mostly so i can punch ppl with a martial arts specialist.
Past that there r many varieties of beastmen that ppl enjoy (All of which can be not implemented)
	2.1 Wolfmen -
		For ppl who want to punch things, and describe a dog penis on a human's body. 
		Needs the night transformation to even beastier man or boring.
	2.2 Kitsune -
		For Weebs and Erpers. A kitsune transformation is a no cause it'd be retarded to see a giant fox.
	3.3 Catgirls -
		For Erpers, usually including fucked up racials that attract battlechads, cause cats r all fighty n shit.
	3.4 Ratmen -
		Ppl have wanted these forever, would they actually play a ratman tho?
		Mayb you can get a big early static level, and a cap for being effectively antagonistic fodder.
		

3. Demon.
Wowee, a demon! Who would have expected it.
Needs to evolve I guess, usual trademark.
The incentive for ppl is usually to grow a penis at the final stage tbqh.
	3.1 Retard Form
		Wow its retarded! and looks like a monster(muh learning about the world IC)
	3.2 Downs-Syndrome Form
		Wow its bigger and stronger now!(We should have a demonic plan by now cause we spent all that time learning about inane shit)
	3.3 Human Form with Horns
		Imagine a catgirl except with horns.

4. Undead
Uhhhh, these apparently end up in both games, so lets have a take on it?
	4.1 Skelington
		Oooo spooky skeleton
	4.2 ... well that basically covers it unless we go gigachad undead
	4.3 Lich
		Its a skeleton... that casts magic better than everyone except peak human casters.
	4.4 Archlich
		An antagonist, that has antagonized so much they have transcended into a new plane.
		Quite literally bro. They exist on another plane most of the time.
		
5. Some winged shit
Your choice of dragon wings, angel wings, bat wings, or energy wings.
Bout all the same shit, POWER... (Of a certain element and being sturdy)