Well we need some core mechanics that everyone should be able to use, a lot of gameplay should hinge on this equal ground.
Mostly because everyone can learn from each other, and well.... everyones got this stuff going on lol

1. Action Delays - 
	The Core mechanic of core mechanics. Without this you just collide and hit buttons as fast as u possibly can,
	Without OGCD/variable GCD we lose utility options/you literally wait ur turn lol
	Along with that someone could effectively run forever v safely/numbers will be v fucked up to make range payoffs acceptable.
	Everything skillwise should have something attached to this.
	1.1 - Global Cooldown
		Basically hitting one of these sets everything that is on GCD on GCD. Alas, we can't have all GCD's the same... maybe?
		Most skills should set the same GCD, but we can have some that set shorter GCDs. (Block, Melee + high AGI stat, etc)
		A OGCD should allow for a GCD afterwards, unless it doesn't?
		1.1.1 GCD types (New Idea?)
			Perhaps we can have something like melee/fire/magic GCDs, which determine what OGCDs can fire out.
			EG: (Melee) Attack(GCD) ----- Initial
			(Melee) Cleave OGCD ----- Cancel
			(Melee) smash OGCD ----- Cancel
			(Melee) (Fire)Smash OGCD ----- Cancel/Junction
			(Fire) Burning Spear OGCD ----- Cancel 


	1.2 - Off Global Cooldown
		These r your cancels, effectively. While all the GCD stuff is on one shared global cooldown.
		These can be used at any time, and are on their own cooldown, perhaps the skill typing idea above might be good?
		Otherwise someone could just get a ton of OGCDs unless you spread them out via balancing so they can't have them thru the trees.



2. Blocking - 
	This can either be like a 60-90% damage reduction, this should NOT be a OGCD.
	It should be a very short GCD, otherwise you run into the issue of people block mashing/casting while blocking.
	If we implement GCD types, you could make a block junction into a tree (EG a literal parry in a eternia-like wow!)
	And you can insure people won't just block and OGCD non-stop.


3. Dashing -
	Gives you velocity and moves you in direction you facing, take note.
	Direction you facing mostly cause we can dash in and out of combat, during combat ur always facing a target anyways.
	1.1 - Dashing Delay
		This needs to be a OGCD, you may ask why?
		Everyone has it, and dashing should be used in conjunction with skills/to dodge



