Well, we gotta have races. IDK what this is yet but it is supposed to be yet another eternia clone.

1. Some kind of Human -
Well yeah, they the protagonists bro, they us....
Need some exotic humans tho, mayb some niggas with magical tattoos n shit.
Some imperial guys, some tan guys, some guys who have shitty accents etc.

2. Beastmen -
You see these in every game bro, what more is there to say.
They appeal to furries, and weebs.
Past that there r many varieties of beastmen that ppl enjoy (All of which can be not implemented)
	2.1 Wolfmen -
		For ppl who want to punch things, and describe a dog penis on a human's body. 
		Needs the night transformation to even beastier man or boring.
	2.2 Kitsune -
		For Weebs and Erpers. A kitsune transformation is a no cause it'd be retarded to see a giant fox.
	3.3 Catgirls -
		For Erpers, usually including fucked up racials that attract battlechads, cause cats r all fighty n shit.
	3.4 Ratmen -
		Ppl have wanted these forever, would they actually play a ratman tho?
		Mayb you can get a big early static level, and a cap for being effectively antagonistic fodder.
		

3. Demon.
Wowee, a demon! Who would have expected it.
Needs to evolve I guess, usual trademark.
Or we can just add multiple types.
	3.1 Baphomets/Succubus/etc
		The irony of a goatman existing in a world with beastmen would be kinda funny/confusing.
		Perhaps some of these can only be granted depending on what types of special rpp u accumulate.

4. Undead
Uhhhh, these apparently end up in both games, so lets have a take on it?
I think you need a actual lich for it to not be the same ol same ol tho.
A archlich should be the strongest race but also not like actively murderous considering they ascended because they need more time/are skilled.
	4.1 Skelington
		Oooo spooky skeleton
	4.2 ... well that basically covers it unless we go gigachad undead
	4.3 Lich
		Its a skeleton... that casts magic better than everyone except peak human casters.
	4.4 Archlich
		An antagonist, that has antagonized so much they have transcended into a new plane.
		Quite literally bro. They exist on another plane most of the time.
		
5. Some winged shit
Your choice of dragon wings, angel wings, bat wings, or energy wings.
Bout all the same shit, POWER... (Of a certain element and being sturdy)